# ProjectCreate

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ParentId** | Pointer to **string** | The ID of the parent of the project.  If specified on project creation, this places the project within a hierarchy and implicitly defines the owning domain, which will be the same domain as the parent specified. If &#x60;parent_id&#x60; is not specified and &#x60;is_domain&#x60; is &#x60;false&#x60;, then the project will use its owning domain as its parent. If &#x60;is_domain&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60; (i.e. the project is acting as a domain), then &#x60;parent_id&#x60; must not specified (or if it is, it must be null) since domains have no parents.  &#x60;parent_id&#x60; is immutable, and can’t be updated after the project is created - hence a project cannot be moved within the hierarchy.  | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** | The new name of the project, which must be unique within the owning domain. A project can have the same name as its domain. | 
**IsDomain** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the project also acts as a domain. If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, this project acts as both a project and domain. As a domain, the project provides a name space in which you can create users, groups, and other projects. If set to &#x60;false&#x60;, this project behaves as a regular project that contains only resources. Default is &#x60;false&#x60;. You cannot update this parameter after you create the project. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | The new description of the project. | [optional] 
**Enabled** | Pointer to **bool** | If set to true, project is enabled. If set to false, project is disabled. The default is true. | [optional] 
**DomainId** | Pointer to **string** | The ID of the domain for the project.  For projects acting as a domain, the domain_id must not be specified, it will be generated by the Identity service implementation.  For regular projects (i.e. those not acing as a domain), if &#x60;domain_id&#x60; is not specified, but &#x60;parent_id&#x60; is specified, then the domain ID of the parent will be used. If neither &#x60;domain_id&#x60; or &#x60;parent_id&#x60; is specified, the Identity service implementation will default to the domain to which the client’s token is scoped. If both &#x60;domain_id&#x60; and &#x60;parent_id&#x60; are specified, and they do not indicate the same domain, an &#x60;Bad Request (400)&#x60; will be returned.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewProjectCreate

`func NewProjectCreate(name string, ) *ProjectCreate`

NewProjectCreate instantiates a new ProjectCreate object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewProjectCreateWithDefaults

`func NewProjectCreateWithDefaults() *ProjectCreate`

NewProjectCreateWithDefaults instantiates a new ProjectCreate object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetParentId

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetParentId() string`

GetParentId returns the ParentId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParentIdOk

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetParentIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetParentIdOk returns a tuple with the ParentId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParentId

`func (o *ProjectCreate) SetParentId(v string)`

SetParentId sets ParentId field to given value.

### HasParentId

`func (o *ProjectCreate) HasParentId() bool`

HasParentId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ProjectCreate) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.


### GetIsDomain

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetIsDomain() bool`

GetIsDomain returns the IsDomain field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsDomainOk

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetIsDomainOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsDomainOk returns a tuple with the IsDomain field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsDomain

`func (o *ProjectCreate) SetIsDomain(v bool)`

SetIsDomain sets IsDomain field to given value.

### HasIsDomain

`func (o *ProjectCreate) HasIsDomain() bool`

HasIsDomain returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescription

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *ProjectCreate) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *ProjectCreate) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnabled

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetEnabled() bool`

GetEnabled returns the Enabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnabledOk

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEnabledOk returns a tuple with the Enabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnabled

`func (o *ProjectCreate) SetEnabled(v bool)`

SetEnabled sets Enabled field to given value.

### HasEnabled

`func (o *ProjectCreate) HasEnabled() bool`

HasEnabled returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDomainId

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetDomainId() string`

GetDomainId returns the DomainId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDomainIdOk

`func (o *ProjectCreate) GetDomainIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDomainIdOk returns a tuple with the DomainId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDomainId

`func (o *ProjectCreate) SetDomainId(v string)`

SetDomainId sets DomainId field to given value.

### HasDomainId

`func (o *ProjectCreate) HasDomainId() bool`

HasDomainId returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


